1.] what is software?what is software engineering. 
	
     software is a set of instruction,data or programs.
     there are different types of software that can run on computer. 
         1. system software,
         2. utility software,
         3. application software
   
   software engineering is detailed study of engineering to the design, devlopment and maintenance of software.
   software engineering was introduced to address the issues of lwo-quality software projects.
   problems arise when a software generally exceeds timelines, budgets, and reduced levels of quality.

2.] Explain types of software ?


    three type of software.
    1. system software.
    2. application software.
    3. utility software.

1.system software :
               system software is software that directly operate the computer hardware and provide the basic functionality to the users as well as to the other software to operate smoothly.
or in other words, system software basically controls a computer's internal functioning and also controls hardware devices such as monitors, printers, and storage devices, etc.


2.appication software : 
               appication software is a computer performs a specific funcation, be it educational, personal, or business.
the term "application software" refers to software that performs functions for a user.
               types of application software :-
               1. general purpose  software.
               2. customized software.
               3. utility software.


3. utility software :
               utility software is software designed to help analyze, configure, optimize or maintain a computer.
it is used to support the computer infrastructure-in contrast to application software, which is aimed at perfoming tasks that benefit orfinary users.


3.] What is SDLC ? Explain each phase of SDLC.

           SDLC full form :
                                   software devlopment life cycle

           the software devlopment life cycle (SDLC) is a structuread process that enables the production of high-quality, low-cost software, in the shortest possible production time.
    
           fllowing are the phases in SDLC.
           1. software requirement.
           2. software analysis.
           3. software designing.
           4. software development.
           5. software testing. (quality assurance tester)
           6. software deployment.
           7. software maintenance.


4.]what DFD ? create a DFD diagram on flipkart.

                    DFD full form :
                                           dangerous goods shipper's declaration
                    the air industry recognized the need for a digital and paperless process to manage the IATA dangerous goods shipper's declaration (DGD) among various stakeholders in the air cargo supply chain.
                                           
                                                  (open flipkart)
                                                            |
                                               (manage category)
                                                            |
                                                  (buy product)
                                                            |
                                                 (mak payment)
                                                            |
                                               (order delivering)
                                                            |
                                                  (use product)


5.] what is flow chart ? create a flowchart to make addition of two numbbers.

                    a flowchart is a type of diagram that represents a workflow or process.
a flowchart can also be defined as a diagrammatic representation of an algorithm, a step-by-step approach to solving a task.
the flowchart shows the steps as boxes with arrows. 
                                                        
                                                                 (start)
                                                                     |
                                                 (tnput number 1, number 2)
                                                                     |
                                                  (sum= number1+number2)
                                                                     |
                                                            (print sum)
                                                                     |
                                                                 (end)


6.] what is use case diagram ? create a use-case on bill payment on paytm.

                        a use case diagarm is a graphical depiction a user's posible interactions with a system.
a use a case diagram shows various use cases and different types users the system has and will often be accompanied by other types of diagarams as well
the use cases are represented by either circles or ellipses.
    
                                                                (customer)
                                                                       |
                                                                 (long in)
                                                                       |
                                                             (buy product)
                                                                       |
                                                            (make payment)
                                                                       |
                                                             (trunsfer fund)
                                                                       |
                                                              (reieiver'bank)







